doc: nRF53 UG: update information about child image configuration. (#3865)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf5340.rst

When working with 802.15.4-based protocols like Thread or Zigbee, program the :ref:`zephyr:nrf-ieee802154-rpmsg-sample` sample to the network core to run :ref:`Thread and Zigbee samples <samples>` on nRF5340.

Configuration of network samples
--------------------------------

> When a network sample is built automatically as a child image in a multi-image build (see :ref:`ug_nrf5340_building`), the relevant Kconfig options (if required) can be defined in :file:`<application_core_sample_location>/child_image/<network_sample>.conf`.

Reviewer: Prefer active tone -> ..., you can define the relevant Kconfig options...

Author: Fixed.

> When a network sample is built automatically as a child image in a multi-image build (see :ref:`ug_nrf5340_building`), you can define the relevant Kconfig options (if required) in :file:`<application_core_sample_location>/child_image/<network_sample>.conf`.

Reviewer 2: We should not use <...> variables. How about:
```suggestion
When a network sample is built automatically as a child image in a multi-image build (see :ref:`ug_nrf5340_building`), you can define the relevant Kconfig options (if required) in a :file:`.conf` file. 
Name the file *network_sample*\ .conf, where *network_sample* is the name of the child image (for example, ``hci_rpmsg.conf``).
Place the file in a :file:`child_image` subfolder of the application sample directory.
```

Author: Updated.

This allows alignment of the configurations of both images.

> For example see :ref:`ble_throughput` child image configuration in :file:`nrf/samples/bluetooth/throughput/child_image/hci_rpmsg.conf`.

Reviewer: Punctuation: For example, ...

Author: Fixed.

> For example, see :ref:`ble_throughput` child image configuration in :file:`nrf/samples/bluetooth/throughput/child_image/hci_rpmsg.conf`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, see the :ref:`ble_throughput` child image configuration in :file:`nrf/samples/bluetooth/throughput/child_image/hci_rpmsg.conf`.
```

Author: Fixed.
